Philippine Airlines workers refuse to end strike 
Ground employees of Philippine Airlines (PAL) Friday defied a
Association (PALEA).
The strike was mounted Wednesday over wage increases and job security.
Capili's reaction came hours after the Labour Department ordered the
Acting Labour Secretary Cresencio Trajano, who is mediating the
Labour Department's order and had only read about it in newspaper
As the deadline passed, there were no signs of workers returning to
Operations at the Manila international and domestic airports remained
PALEA groups PAL's ground employees, including mechanics, cargo
Airline pilots, flight attendants and cabin crew have not joined the
Sixteen international flights left Manila on Friday and nine flights
The officer said seven departing flights and nine arriving flights of
PAL were cancelled.
Trajano ordered the airline's management to accept the return of
The strikers are pressing for higher wages and other benefits,
Management has defended the refleeting and modernization program,
Strikers were also protesting a company policy of contracting out
Among those stranded were thousands of Filipinos going to the
Trajano said the strike would embarrass the country, which is to host
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum (APEC) officials and
November 25.
Russia: Gaidar denies Security Council post offer 
Yegor Gaidar, leader of the Democratic Choice of Russia party, has
Security Council, Interfax news agency reported.
Reports on Thursday, said Gaidar, an advocate of economic reforms, had
Gaidar also dismissed criticism by Communist Party leaders of the
High probability of a cut in Australian interest rates: economists by Richard Breeze 
Australian Prime Minister John Howard remained coy Friday about
Reserve Bank, it's not a matter for me," Howard said at a function
The board of the Reserve Bank of Australia is to meet Tuesday as
Any announcement of a cut would come Wednesday.
Australia.
Hans Kunnen, chief economist at the Colonial State Bank, said there
Some banks have already lowered their home loan rates in anticipation
The fall of 8.6 percent in dwelling approvals in September showed that
Howard said most economic forecasts suggested stronger economic
The Reserve Bank of Australia last adjusted rates on July 31, when it
Economists note that two good numbers have laid the ground for a
Wages grew by 0.7 percent in the August quarter for an annual rate of
Inflation figures for the September quarter showed a 0.3 percent
Howard saw the economic outlook for the Australian as favourable.
Prabhakar seeks return to international cricket 
Indian all-rounder Manoj Prabhakar, who quit international cricket in
Prabhakar, 32, said Friday he was keen to play for India again after a
Prabhakar announced his retirement at the international level after
But he changed his mind after World Cup captain Mohammad Azharuddin
Prabhakar contested parliamentary elections in May in the South Delhi
There was no immediate reaction from Tendulkar or Madan Lal on
Prabhakar's comeback decision, which may well answer their prayers for
China expels Hong Kong pro-democracy pair 
China on Friday expelled two Hong Kong pro-democracy protesters for
Chui Pak-tai and Wong Chung-ki were woken and taken from their rooms
GMT Thursday) and put on a morning flight to the British territory, a
Hong Kong television reporter said.
Hong Kong government radio RTHK quoted Wong as saying they were
He said the pair refused to sign confessions saying they were guilty
The ban prevents the two from returning to the ongoing meeting here of
Saturday.
The expulsion order was issued after officials at the Beijing Asia
Hotel filed a public disturbance complaint Thursday evening against
Chui and Wong had called a press conference at the hotel, during which
According to the official Xinhua news agency, the Beijing public
Hong Kong within a stated time."
Chui and Wong had already been detained along with two other
Thursday morning.
Both were allowed to proceed to Beijing but the other men were held
Kong.
All four are members of the Coalition to Oppose the Provisional
Legislature.
The Preparatory Committee meeting is to confirm a 400-member selection
Chinese rule, as well as the provisional legislature.
Wong is a member of the Association for Democracy and People's
Livelihood and a Beijing-appointed district affairs advisor. Chui is a
RAM ties up with US-based Duff and Phelps to tap Asian region 
Rating Agency Malaysia Bhd. (RAM) Friday forged an alliance with US-
RAM chairman Abdul Khalid Sahan said the deal was a "new phase in
Malaysia's credit rating history" which would provide RAM with a
Khalid said at the signing of a memorandum of understanding for the
RAM was established in 1991 as the country's first rating agency and
Both parties will hold equal shares in the joint venture, which will
Asia requiring international rating services," he added.
The company will focus its operations on the credit rating of Malaysia
The partners plan to extend equity participation to domestic rating
DCR executive president and general counsel Ernest Elsner said the
Asian economies after successful tie-ups in Latin America, India and
Canada.
DCR was set up in 1932 based in Chicago and has three international
The agency provides ratings and research on corporate, structured and
DCR is ranked the world's third largest in terms of corporate ratings
Canadian Prime Minister Chretien to visit Japan November 26 to 30 
Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien will begin a five-day official
Ryutaro Hashimoto, the foreign ministry said here Friday.
The Canadian leader will meet with Hashimoto on November 27. Prior to
Federation of Economic Organizations (Keidanren), a powerful business
He is also to meet Emperor Akihito on November 29 after visiting the
Chretien will arrive from the Philippines, where he is slated to
Hashimoto, who is likely to be reelected as premier by parliament on
November 7, is also scheduled to attend the APEC summit.
APEC groups Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, China, Hong Kong,
Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, South Korea, Malaysia, New Zealand, Papua
New Guinea, the Philippines, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand and the
United States.
Doctors perform tumor operation on panda in China 
Chinese surgeons have performed a tumor operation on a 16-year-old
Doctors in central Henan province carried out the hour-long operation
Pandas are native only to China and there are believed to be less than
Thursday to come up with solid proof that his country is involved in the 
Beijing on Hong Kong's return to Chinese sovereignty, Xinhua said.
Republican presidential candidate Bob Dole announced a 96-hour non-stop 
Jiang Zemin's powerbase, has been transferred to Beijing in a reshuffle of its 
Moscow's influence as a key broker in the Middle East.
Chinese futures trader jumps to death after huge losses 
A futures trading firm executive jumped to his death in Shanghai after
Song Sucheng, managing director of Huanghai Futures Brokerage Co.,
Song's suicide came after he lost the firm's money in futures trading
Securities Regulatory Commission for alleged abuses in the
The Chinese futures industry was rocked by a treasury bond scam in
Several suicides linked to failed market speculation have occurred in
Shanghai and Shenzhen in recent years.
Indian Hindu group accuses Marxists of murder spree 
Indian communists in the southern state of Kerala have killed 14 Hindu
Friday.
The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP, All India Students
Union) said it had asked the Communist Party of India-Marxist (CPI-M)
The Press Trust of India (PTI) quoted ABVP general secretary V.
Murleedharan as saying: "They have let loose a reign of terror in
Kerala.
The ABVP said the victims included its own activists and those of its
Kerala is one of the three Indian states ruled by the CPI-M. Clashes
Japan new auto sales up 8.4 percent in October 
Sales of new motor vehicles in Japan rose 8.4 percent from a year
Sales in September were also up 8.4 percent year-on-year.
In October, car sales increased 14.1 percent from a year earlier to
Sales of imported vehicles rose 11.6 percent to 33,550 units, it said.
SKorean firms race for overseas investment to globalize 
The value of offshore investment by South Korean firms surged 53.9
Approved overseas projects numbered 1,266 from January through
September, of which 1,010 worth a total of 3.12 billion dollars were
Korean firms have begun active facility expansion abroad and the
Investment in the manufacturing sector, including petrochemicals,
The trading sector attracted 629.7 million dollars in the cited
By region, Asia remained the most favoured, drawing 2.26 billion
Approved investment in North America stood at 906 million dollars,
Latin America, the BOK said.
Dollar lower against yen in Tokyo mid-afternoon trading 
The dollar was near session lows against the yen here in mid-afternoon
Japan, dealers said.
The dollar was quoted at 113.55 yen at 2 p.m. (0500 GMT), down from
Thursday.
It also traded at 1.5222 marks, up from 1.5207 earlier and 1.5182 in
New York Thursday.
Against the mark, the dollar kept earlier gains, holding firm at the
The dollar's tumble against the yen stemmed mainly from active profit-
The declines were exacerbated by a lack of dollar-buying support
In mark-yen trading, the mark fell back sharply to below the 74.60-yen
The dollar rose to the 1.5235 mark level, but gains were eroded by
But he added that trading would unlikely have enough follow-through
Security breakdown as Diana swamped in Sydney 
Strict security measures surrounding Diana, the Princess of Wales,
Diana was leaving the Commonwealth Day Council gala lunch at the
Sydney Convention centre when journalists, photographers and
Several police had been manning barriers holding back a 500-strong
However, Diana was unharmed and did not appear to be concerned about
She continued to talk to as many people as she could during her five
Carlton hotel in the chic harbourside suburb of Double Bay.
The Princess featured on the front page of nearly every Australian
The institute, named after a pioneering heart surgeon who was murdered
Sting made a surprise performance.
Earlier Friday the Princess visited two medical institutions,
SKorea's exports grow for first time in four months 
South Korea's exports ended a months-long downswing in October,
But imports also jumped 14.8 percent to 13.5 billion dollars in
October, leaving a monthly trade deficit of 1.57 billion dollars.
Chinese watchdog threatens to punish stock market manipulators 
The watchdog China Securities Regulatory Commission has threatened
The notice follows heavy turnover since early last month which has
Shanghai and Shenzhen.
The Shanghai Securities News daily reported that the notice was sent
The CSRC said recently there had been some rumours and manipulation of
It said that China's bourses were young and had already paid a high
The Shanghai Stock Exchange's barometer composite index was 53.88
He said there was a lot of hot money around which had no place to go
Commenting on the CSRC, he said: "There are just too few people to
Guotai Securities vice-general manager Xu Zhilin said the ban was
Welson Zheng of Shanghai Finance Securities said the move would have a
Taiwanese investors, who tend to shrug off such directives.
North Korea more positive towards four-way talks: report 
North Korea, changing its stance, is now willing to take part in a
Friday.
The North Korean foreign ministry made its positon clear in working-
It was the first time that North Korea gave a positive reply response
At the October 24 talks Pyongyang dropped conditions it had imposed
Korea, the daily said.
The US side is welcoming the move and plans to mediate compromises
Washington plans to dispatch a State Department official to South
Korea on November 11, while sending a representative to Pyongyang in
North Korea previously said in talks with the United States in June
But Ri Hyong Chol, a North Korean foreign ministry director who
Sri Lanka honours World Cup winning cricketers 
Sri Lanka will confer the highest national honour on the country's
World Cup winning cricket skipper, Arjuna Ranatunga, officials said
Friday.
Ranatunga who led Sri Lanka to victory at the World Cup in March will
Chandrika Kumaratunga on Saturday, officials said.
They said Ranatunga's vice captain, Aravinda de Silva, and four other
Sanath Jayasuriya -- would also be honoured.
President Kumaratunga has already announced a special honour called
Whatmore, who pulls out of the local team shortly for a job in
England.
Whatmore, who guided Sri Lanka to their sensational World Cup triumph
Zimbabwe decide to bat first against Pakistan 
Zimbabwe captain Alister Campbell won the toss and put his side in to
Grant Flower and Mark Dekker opened the tourist's innings while
Pakistan's attack was led by Wasim Akram and Shahid Nazeer.
Pakistan made two changes in the team which won the first 50-over a
Young Abdul Razzaq replaced opener Aamir Sohail, while fast bowler
Azam Khan made his debut as the home side dropped Azhar Mahmood.
Zimbabwe dropped Gary Brent, who was replaced by Mpumillo Mbangwa.
The tourists, who lost their first match very closely, will play three
Pakistan have already won the two Test series 1-0.
Friday's match at the Kadhafi Stadium, named after the Libyan leader,
Zimbabwe: Grant Flower, Mark Dekker, David Houghton, John Rennie,
Alister Campbell, Andy Flower, Craig Wishart, Guy Whittal, Paul
Strang, Gavin Rennie, and Mpumillo Mbangwa.
Pakistan: Saeed Anwar, Hasan Raza, Azam Khan, Ijaz Ahmed, Salim Malik,
Moeen Khan, Wasim Akram (captain), Saqlain Mushtaq, Abdul Razzaq,
Shahid Afridi, and Shahid Nazeer.
Umpires: Shakoor Rana and Mahboob Khan of Pakistan.
South Korea jacks up gasoline price 
South Korea raised the price of gasoline 2.7 percent Friday, citing
Energy said.
The price of a liter (0.26 gallons) of gasoline was increased 19 won,
A barrel of crude oil was traded at 23.10 dollars in the international
A second factor contributing to the increase in gasoline prices was
South Korea's gasoline prices are higher than those of the United
States, but about the same level as that of Japan and some 10 percent
Various taxes account for more than half the price of gasoline price
New poisoning outbreak spreads in northern Japan, 180 affected 
A new outbreak of food poisoning caused by the killer O-157 colon
The number represents a jump from 89 on Thursday when the Hokkaido
The bacillus caused Japan's worst food poisoning since World War II
A total of 24 people, mostly kindergarten children, have been
As of Friday morning, 143 of the 257 children attending the
Education Minister Mikio Okuda told other ministers after the day's
The bacillus has killed 11 people and affected more than 9,000 in
Japan this year.
The worst hit area was Sakai, a suburb of the western city of Okaka.
The poisoning outbreak was officially declared over there Friday.
A total of 5,727 people were affected in Sakai alone, mostly
July.
No new patients have been reported since August 8, officials said.
But in southern Japan's Saga prefecture local officials announced that
Beijing's new mayor rallies for support 
New Beijing mayor Jia Qinglin has sought support from city officials
Jia, appointed mayor Wednesday after Li Qiyan was forced to resign,
Li's resignation followed last year's 2.2 billion dollar corruption
Beijing party secretary and politburo member Chen Xitong.
Although not directly implicated in the graft, Li was blamed for
According to Beijing government sources, Jia, who has only been
Indian archaelogical activists bid to bunker below-par golf club 
Environmental activists have called for the Delhi Golf Club to be
The activists claim several other valuable archaelogical sites within
They also argue the club is not paying a realistic rent for the 183
The newspaper said a group of protestors had sent a letter to Delhi
Lieutenant Governor P.K. Dave calling for him to get rid of the club.
Australian stocks close 0.5 percent weaker 
Australian share prices slipped 0.5 percent Friday after a late sell-
The Australian Stock Exchange's main indicator, the all ordinaries
SKorea's exports grow for first time in four months 
South Korea's exports reversed a three-month fall in October, growing
But imports also recorded a sharp 14.8 percent increase to 13.5
The cumulative trade deficit in the first 10 months of 1996 soared to
The October export performance followed a 5.3 percent annual export
September.
October exports were the largest by volume in any month this year, the
Shipments of semiconductors plunged 44.4 percent year-on-year to 1.31
Clinton under fire on campaign finance 
President Bill Clinton has come under fire again over allegedly
With Clinton expected to outline reform plans in a speech on the issue
The GOP (Grand Old Party, as the Republican is also called) was
Dole ahead of Tuesday's presidential election.
Meanwhile, a US judge granted a request Thursday from embattled
Democratic fundraiser John Huang to end two days of aggressive
In a one-page ruling, US District Judge Royce Lamberth said the
Commerce Department.
Huang, 51, worked for the Commerce Department in 1994-95 before
He was suspended from the post amid reports this month that some of
Both are banned under US campaign finance law.
Among Huang's Democratic party fundraising activities were
Commerce Department.
Indonesia.
The Democratic National Committee has returned 250,000 dollars donated
Documents obtained by the US press Thursday appeared to bolster the
Secret Service records showed he had visited the White House 65 times
In addition, the New York Times reported that another former White
House official, Mark Middleton, was still using official White House
When the Republican Party on Thursday called the White House number
Middleton's non-White House phone number.
Clinton, criss-crossing the United States in a final campaign tour,
But on Friday he was expected to talk about his support for a bill
But these changes would not address all the areas that are currently
While the Democratic Party is now the target of campaign-finance
Bangladesh says factories cleared of child labour 
The Bangladesh garment industry, the country's main foreign exchange
The Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association (BGMEA)
The labour reforms were carried out under an agreement signed in July,
Labour Organisation (ILO).
Ahmed said factories were declared child labour-free from midnight
Thursday and that workshops and factories would be kept open for
Western importers, especially in the United States, had threatened to
Sweatshops employing young children and women, were notorious for poor
However, social workers have criticised the move saying many families
Tokyo stocks end 0.8 percent higher 
Japanese share prices closed 0.8 percent higher on Friday as futures-
The Nikkei stock average of the Tokyo Stock Exchange rose 166.20
Japan's bad loan disposals total 434 million dollars in October 
Japanese financial institution disposed of 49.4 billion yen (434
The Cooperative Credit Purchasing Co., set up by Japanese banks in
The agency said it had also recovered 25.6 billion yen, of which 23.8
The October figure brought the total amount of bad loan disposals
Aum cult vacates last facility in Japan 
The doomsday cult Aum Supreme Truth Friday vacated its last facility
Saburo Abe, a veteran lawyer serving as bankruptcy administrator,
Arakai, barefoot and wearing a white tunic, appeared to be on the
Press reported.
Abe told villagers that Aum had "moved out completely," adding he
By Friday morning, 30 cult members had moved out of the commune to
Receivers plan to sell the site to help compensate victims of Aum
March last year which killed 12 people and injured thousands.
But the project will need some government assistance. Costs to
Aum, led by guru Shoko Asahara, settled in Kamikuishiki in 1989.
Villagers had protested against construction and other noise on the
A Kamikuishiki resident told Japan Broadasting Corp. that she was
Another resident said he feared the sect members could return.
Indonesia starts bilateral consultations at WTO over car policy 
Indonesia started bilateral talks Friday with Japan, Europe and the
United States over their complaints to the World Trade Organisation
Indonesia daily quoted director general of custom and excise Suharjo
The three economic powers filed their complaints to the WTO last
President Suharto in February ruled that producers of a national car
PT Timor -- controlled by Suharto's youngest son Hutomo Mandala Putra
In a joint venture with Kia Motors, PT Timor is allowed to import the
It was unclear whether the discussions would be held simultaneously
Suharjo said that the Indonesian delegation to the talks included the
Officials have said that Indonesia will be represented by three
Bajaj Auto says net profit rises 27 percent 
Bajaj Auto said Friday its net profits rose 27 percent from a year
Turnover of India's largest two-wheeler automotive manufacturer rose
Former Indian minister in payoff scandal returns home 
A former Indian petroleum minister named in a bribery scandal
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) reportedly asked Satish
Sharma late Thursday to go to the CBI headquarters on Friday for
Express said.
The case is based on allegations that Rao and some of his political
Sharma left for Europe on October 10 on a private visit as the CBI
During his absence, detectives raided his farmhouse here as well as a
Sharma, a former airline pilot who took to politics because of his
London Thursday.
His return came hours after the CBI informed the Delhi High Court that
The CBI said Sharma, who was close to Rao, allegedly collected some
February 1994 to pay the members of parliament, two of whom have since
A former Sharma aide reportedly told CBI officials that he gave a box
The money was later traced to an account of the four politicians in an
Indian bank in New Delhi.
On Wednesday, the CBI formally charged Rao, India's prime minister for
The case is the third against Rao, who has also been charged by the
CBI with cheating an expatriate Indian businessman in 1983 and with
Singh, in 1989.
Rao was in court on Wednesday and Thursday in an attempt to get his
SKorea's exports grow for first time in four months 
South Korea's exports reversed a three-month downswing in October,
But imports also recorded a sharp 14.8 percent increase to 13.5
The cumulative trade deficit in the first 10 months of 1996 soared to
The October export performance followed a 5.3 percent annual export
September.
October exports were the largest by volume in any month this year, the
Shipments of semiconductors plunged 44.4 percent year-on-year to 1.31
Exports of automobiles, petrochemicals and home-appliances were
The sharp import increase was led mainly by consumer goods, including
South Korea's trade imbalance was induced mostly by trade with
But its exports to Latin America, China and east Europe continued to
Russian tax police seize property of Scientologists 
Russian tax police have seized property belonging to a St. Petersburg
Scientology center for non-payment of debts, the ITAR-TASS news
Police seized 1.2 million rubles (217 dollars) belonging to the center
In early September police informed the center that it had to
Police say that despite the warning the Scientologists refused to pay
In this manner, the centre reportedly collected approximately 625
Police also accuse the Scientologists of faking documents which
As a result of its illegl activities, tax authorities have levied 80
Japan admits missing deadline on APEC free trade plan 
Japan admitted Friday failing to submit its free trade plan by an
October 30 deadline ahead of this year's summit of Asia-Pacific
The delay was due to last-minute efforts to upgrade Japan's free trade
An official in Manila said Thursday five of the 18 members of the
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum had failed to submit
APEC members have been strengthening earlier outlined individual free
APEC leaders' summit in Subic Bay next month.
At Bogor, Indonesia, the APEC members agreed in 1994 to remove trade
Diplomatic sources in Manila said the APEC members who missed the
Among the economies caught in the election season are Japan, New
Zealand, Thailand and the United States. Japanese officials earlier
APEC groups Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, China, Hong Kong,
Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, the Philippines,
Papua New Guinea, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and the
United States.
Security tightened ahead of Bangladesh parliament session 
Security was tightened in Dhaka ahead of Friday's start of a new
Bangladesh's two major political parties.
Police banned marches and carrying of explosives and weapons near
The Awami League of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina Wajed is expected to
Bangladesh founding leader Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, father of the prime
Former prime minister Khaleda Zia's main opposition Bangladesh
Nationalist Party (BNP) is set to attack the government on several
The session, the second for the 330-seat parliament elected in June,
BNP.
On Thursday, Sheikh Hasina said the BNP could no longer join her
States.
Asked if she would initiate talks with Zia, the premier retorted that
Sheikh Hasina's "national consensus government" includes the minority
Jatiya Party of jailed ex-president Hussain Muhammad Ershad and the
Taipei weekly share prices close 0.1 percent lower 
Share prices in Taiwan eased a fractional 0.1 percent in the holiday-
The Taiwan Stock Exchange weighted price index declined 3.8 points to
Ltd.
Average daily turnover dwindled to 1.05 billion issues from 1.12
Taiwan dollars (1.34 billion US), up 1.4 percent from 36.29 billion
The market started the week with the index sliding 34.19 points Monday
The index recovered 66.42 points Wednesday and 29.02 points Friday as
The market was closed Thursday for a holiday.
Analysts said the index would move between 6,300 and 6,500 points in
Australian stocks close 0.5 percent lower 
Australian share prices slipped 0.5 percent Friday after an early
The Australian Stock Exchange's main indicator, the all ordinaries
The all resources index eased 8.5 points to 1,348.8 while the all
National turnover totalled 311.9 million shares worth 835.0 million
Australian dollars (661 million US), with falling stocks outnumbering
BHP finished 10 cents firmer at 16.85 dollars, global miner RTZ-CRA
URGENTFormer Sir Lankan president dies 
Former Sir Lankan president Junius Jayewardene, who had been receiving
SKorean firms race for overseas investment to globalize 
The value of offshore investment by South Korean firms surged 53.9
Approved overseas projects numbered 1,266 from January through
September, of which 1,010 projects worth a total of 3.12 billion
Korean firms have begun active facility expansion abroad and the
Economists here say the current level of overseas investment by South
Korean companies stands at some 0.6-to-0.7 percent of the nation's
They urged local firms to strengthen their globalization drive,
Investment in the manufacturing sector, including petrochemicals,
The trading sector attracted 629.7 million dollars in the cited
By region, Asia remained the most favoured, drawing 2.26 billion
Approved investment in North America stood at 906 million dollars,
Latin America, the BOK said.
Former Sir Lankan president dies 
Former Sir Lankan president Junius Jayewardene, who had been receiving
Jayewardene, president from 1978 to 1989, had only recently been
German, Japanese leaders agree on an annual summit 
Chancellor Helmut Kohl of Germany and Japanese prime minister Ryutaro
Hashimoto agreed at a meeting Friday to hold an annual summit.
The decision, taken at a 110-minute meeting, came a day after Kohl
Hashimoto as saying.
The annual summit will not have a great impact as the Japanese and
German leaders already meet at least once a year at the Group of Seven
Kohl's Tokyo visit is the third meeting between the two politicians
Kohl and Hashimoto agreed to a visit to Japan by German President
Roman Herzog next April, his first trip to Japan since becoming
They also agreed to study means to increase Japanese investment in
Tokyo stocks end 0.8 percent higher on futures-led buying 
Japanese share prices closed 0.8 percent higher on Friday as futures-
The Nikkei stock average of the Tokyo Stock Exchange rose 166.20
Turnover on the major board came to an estimated 280 million shares
Brokers said gains were led by active futures-led buying along with
Brokers also said buying via mutual funds, which was modest in early
He said a rumor that financial guru George Soros' funds were cutting
Japanese equities continued to overhang the market.
Investors stayed out of the market most of the day ahead of the
Mitsubishi Heavy gained nine yen to 884 yen in active trading as
Nikon ended down 20 yen at 1,240 yen, off the low of 1,230, hit by
Jakarta pours scorn on "dogs" attack by Nobel winner 
Indonesian leaders hit back Friday at comments by Nobel Peace Prize
Defence Minister Edi Sudrajat commented: "I can only ask, whether it
Noble prize, to say such words,"
State Secretary Murdiono said separately: "From the beginning, I have
Horta and Belo."
Indonesia was stunned last month after the Roman Catholic bishop of
East Timor and exiled East Timorese fighter Jose Ramos Horta were
In an interview published by the German magazine Der Spiegel shortly
He also said Indonesians viewed East Timorese as "slaves."
Indonesia invaded East Timor in 1975 and annexed it the following year
In the interview, Belo also said the East Timorese population wanted
He accused the Indonesian military of being the main stumbling bloc to
The bishop also said there had been nine attempts to assassinate him.
Indonesian officials mostly refrained to comment on Belo's Nobel prize
Australian tourism industry urges Asians to ignore race debate 
An Australian tourism industry group urged Asian travellers Friday to
The statement, which followed assaults on Singaporean troops training
Hanson's views are not shared by all Australians on both moral and
But right below Brown's statement was a letter from an Asian-
Australian, Bala Varadarajan of New South Wales, who complained of
The letter said "mainstream Australia" appeared to be "solidly behind
Ms. Hanson" and "the message to Asia from Australia is simply this --
Both statements were published by Singapore's leading newspaper one
Asian markets and investments as well as Asian "brains and skills."
But there has been muted media coverage here of attacks on Singapore
The incidents occurred ahead of the inaugural round of ministerial
Singapore Foreign Minister S. Jayakumar said in Canberra Thursday that
The Straits Times, quoting Singapore officials, said Howard was
In a rare display of bipartisan unity, Australia's political parties
Wednesday condemned racism in a parliamentary motion which reaffirmed
Australia v South Africa scoreboard 
Scoreboard of the triangular series one-day international between
Australia and South Africa here on Friday:
Australia
M. Taylor c Rhodes b Symcox              38
S. Law c Cullinan b Klusener             22
S. Waugh c McMillan b Boje               37
M. Bevan c Symcox b Donald               79
R. Ponting b Boje                         0
M. Slater not out                        53
A. Gilchrist run out                      0
B. Hogg not out                           0
Extras: (lb7, w2)                         9
Total (for 6 wkts)                      238
Fall of wickets: 1-38, 2-94, 3-113, 4-113, 5-237, 6-237
Did not bat: P. Reiffel, D. Fleming, G. McGrath
Bowling: McMillan 10-2-35-0, Symcox 10-0-32-1, Klusener 7-0-55-1,
Donald 9-0-47-1, Boje 10-0-43-2, Cronje 4-0-19-0
Overs: 50
LDP secures alliance with Japan's new Democratic Party 
Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), still short of a
Friday with the new Democratic Party, officials said.
The accord came less than a week before parliament sits to elect a new
Social Democratic Party (SDP) and New Party Sakigake, the LDP's two
All three parties who have made accords will remain outside of the new
Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto has said he wants to stay on as
Singapore is a major source of tourism, investment and fee-paying
The Australian tourism industry's appeal came ahead of the year-end
Brett Anthony Simpson, acting first secretary for immigration at the
He expected an increase this month over the 34,000 Australian visitor
Chief cleric at Bangladesh's National Mosque faces treason charge 
A Bangladeshi court has ordered the arrest of Obaidul Haque, the chief
Haque could not be reached for immediate comment, but he is expected
A magistrate's court issued the arrest warrant for Haque, who is
Abdullah Hil Quayum, leader of a faction of the left-leaning Jatiya
Samajtantrik Dal's student wing, said in his petition that Haque had
Pakistan."
Bangladesh is the former East Pakistan which broke away to become an
Bevan, Slater carry Australia to 238-6 
Michael Bevan and Michael Slater cracked 124 off as many balls to lift
Australia to 238 for six in their one-match against South Africa here
Left-hander Bevan made a career-best 79 off 70 balls and Slater
Coming together in the 30th over with the score on 113 for four, the
The assault set South Africa 4.8 runs an over to record their sixth
The South Africans have already qualified for the November 6 final,
Play began on schedule after bad weather cleared overnight and ground
Mark Taylor's celebrations in his 100th one-day international were
Stuart Law opened with Taylor after the Australian captain won the
After Law fell for 22, superbly caught one-handed at mid-off by Daryll
Cullinan, Taylor and Steve Waugh added 56 for the second wicket to
Taylor was dismissed for 38 by off-spinner Pat Symcox, before left-
Bevan and Slater came together to steady the innings and give
Australia a chance to score their first win the series.
SKorea mulling prison terms for human organ traffickers 
South Korea is mulling prison sentences for human organ traffickers in
The Korea Times quoted Health and Welfare Ministry officials as saying
The ministry's draft bill defines death as "brain dead" for the
Medical sources say there is an underground trade in human organs in
South Korea, where a kidney can fetch around 30 million won (36,000
URGENT Aid offices looted in Goma 
Looters ransacked international aid offices here Friday as tension
Zairean Tutsi rebels.
The headquarters of the International Federation of the Red Cross and
Red Crescent was looted, and youths, some of them armed, roamed the
Commissioner for Refugees.
Australian talkback radio tide turns against Hanson: media monitors 
The tide of opinion voiced on talkback radio has turned against
Pauline Hanson, the MP who ignited Australia's row over race and
The percentage of callers sounding positive about her has nearly
The motion was a dramatic bid to calm a row which Hanson -- a fish and
She said Australia was in danger of being "swamped" by Asians and
Since Wednesday's move in parliament, 48 percent of talkback callers
The previous week 63 percent of callers had been positive towards
Hanson and 25 percent negative, he said.
Rehame has monitored more than 1,400 callers on the Hanson issue
Media commentators and the Labor opposition have criticised Howard for
With Asian media echoing the row and publishing critical editorials,
Australian trade, tourism and investment links with Asia.
Howard forecast Friday that the controversy would fade.
John Henderson, national sales and investment director for property
But, Henderson said there was no evidence yet that the debate had
From January 1990 to October 1996, Asian investors accounted for 20
Trade Minister Tim Fischer said he recognised the potential for damage
He noted that Australia had a 46 billion dollar export trade with the
Asian region and a net trade surplus of 18 billion dollars.
The government was working systematically through its embassies and
Corporation.
The Australian Tourist Commission said Thursday that at least five
Asian tour groups had cancelled visits because of the Hanson debate.
Japan's foreign reserves hit record high in October 
Japan's foreign reserves rose 1.18 billion dollars in October to a
It represented the 36th consecutive month-on-month increase, the
Bank of Tokyo Mitsubishi sees higher interim profit 
Japan's Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi Ltd. Friday raised its interim parent
But the world's biggest bank cut its operating income forecast to
The bank attributed the upgrade in the parent pre-tax profit to lower
Bank of Tokyo and Mitsubishi Bank merged on April 1.
The new entity will post its first interim result on November 22.
Moslem rebel faction welcomes Libyan mediation role in peace talks 
A Moslem rebel faction on Friday welcomed an offer by Libya to mediate
Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) vice chair for military affairs
Newspaper reports Friday said Libya, through its ambassador to Manila
Rajab Azzarouk, had offered to mediate the negotiations.
Libya is a member of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, a
Manila and the main Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF).
The accord, signed September 2, ended the MNLF's 24-year separatist
The more fundamentalist MILF bolted from the MNLF in 1977. It was left
Murad, speaking from MILF mountain headquarters outside Cotabato, said
Meanwhile, a week of fierce fighting between government troops and the
MILF in Basilan south of Cotabato eased Friday as guerrillas fled
The military said 39 MILF rebels and five soldiers were killed, but
Murad said MILF guerrillas had split into small groups in the face of
The fighting had threatened to scuttle efforts to bring the two sides
President Fidel Ramos' chief aide, Ruben Torres, said in Manila on
Thursday that he had received a letter from MILF vice chair for
November 10.
Ramos had said he has standing orders for the government negotiating
Murad also proposed that instead of exploratory talks the technical
China executes 18 in on-going campaign 
Some 18 drug traffickers have been executed in southwest China -- part
Friday.
The death sentences were handed down Wednesday by the Kunming
The executions were carried out immediately, the reports said.
One of the victims, Yang Weijia, had been captured by police while
The executions in Kunming follow reports of 62 people being executed
Guangdong.
The spate of executions is the clearest indication to date that the
The campaign has already resulted in nearly 2,000 executions,
LDP secures alliance with Japan's new Democratic Party 
Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), still short of a
LDP secretary general Koichi Kato, who took part in the talks, said
The accord came less than a week before parliament sits to elect a new
Social Democratic Party (SDP) and New Party Sakigake, the LDP's two
All three parties will remain outside of the new cabinet.
Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto has said he wants to stay on as
The Democratic Party was formed in late September only weeks before
Sakigake, including Health and Welfare Minister Naoto Kan, who co-
Unlike the SDP and Sakigake, the Democratic Party does not plan to set
Following the agreement with Democratic Party, the LDP began separate
The LDP won 239 seats in the election, 12 short of a majority. The New
Frontier won 156 seats and the Democratic Party won 52 seats.
Search for 150 missing from ferry disaster goes on 
Rescuers Friday kept up the search for bodies in a fast-flowing Indian
Police and civilians were taking part in the search in the Brahmaputra
The operation was launched after the accident Wednesday. Police
But no more bodies have been found, officials said. "Due to strong
The reason why the mechanised ferry, carrying more than 200 passengers
Foreign brokerages enjoy higher profits in South Korea 
Foreign securities houses operating in South Korea enjoyed a combined
The Securities Supervisory Board (SSB) said that the combined pre-tax
The four losers were Morgan Stanley, Schroder, Merrill Lynch and
Nikko.
SSB official said.
The board said in the cited period 33 South Korean securities firms,
Stock Exchange.
Among the foreign gainers, Bankers Trust topped the earnings list with
Boston with 3.3 billion won and Jardine Fleming Securities with 3.2
James Capel chalked up a 2.7-billion-won profit, while W.I. Carr saw a
Israelis want Jewish radicals out of Hebron: poll 
A majority of Israelis think police should expel right-wing Jewish
The survey published in the mass circulation Yediot Aharonot said 62
Thirty-four percent of the 500 people polled this week disagreed.
Under the 1995 Oslo peace accords, Israel is committed to withdrawing
The accord permits Israel to maintain troops in the 20 percent of the
The transfer of power was to have taken place in March but has been
The opinion poll released Friday showed that 55 percent of Israelis
Israeli security officials said this week that plans had been drawn up
Commander Yossi Levy, head of the police investigations division, told
Israeli television Thursday night that a special unit had been set up
Certain far right-wing leaders have indicated they will go into hiding
Hebron and Levy raised the possibility that there will be "the
Australian stocks edge up 0.2 percent during cautious week 
Australian share prices ended just 0.2 percent higher after a week of
The Australian Stock Exchange's key barometer, the all ordinaries
Share prices closed marginally lower Monday after a slump in two of
The next two sessions both saw 0.6 percent gains but the market
The all industrials index rose 27.0 points, or 0.7 percent, to close
Average daily turnover totalled 330.2 million shares worth 657.5
Among leading stocks, resource giant BHP lost 25 cents over the week
Zaire: aid offices looted in Goma 
Looters ransacked international aid offices Friday and UN workers were
The headquarters of the International Federation of the Red Cross and
Red Crescent was looted and youths, some of them armed, roamed the
Commissioner for Refugees.
Expatriate Red Cross workers had to be rescued by UNHCR staff, he
UNHCR personnel were grouped at their headquarters early Friday,
Bordin, the head of the Goma delegation, said he had been told to
Sporadic mortar and machine-gun fire were heard from the nearby border
Moumtzis said all the Red Cross vehicles had been stolen, while many
Burma junta indicates thawing relations with Suu Kyi 
A senior Burmese intelligence official Friday indicated a possible
Addressing the junta's monthly news conference, Kyaw Thein of the
Office of Strategic Studies said: "We are always trying to improve the
He cautioned that reconciliation between the junta and the opposition
His comments followed recent meetings between the leader of the
National League for Democracy (NLD) and the former liaison officer
Observers in Rangoon have suggested that the visits of Than Tun could
The military's ruling State Law and Order Restoration Council (SLORC)
Orogen Minerals makes strong debut on Australian bourse 
Papua New Guinean oil and gold entity Orogen Resources Ltd.'s debuted
The shares hit the boards at 2.05 Australian dollars (1.62 US),
They quickly shot to a high of 2.13 dollars before closing at 2.12
Orogen is the vehicle for the float of 49 percent of Papua New
Guinea's holdings in the Kutubu and Gobe oil fields and the Porgera,
Misima and Lihir mines.
Managing director Charles Lepani said the demand for the company's
Orogen float was particularly impressive.
The gold sector on the Australian Stock Exchange fell 30.7 points to
Another analyst said some investors had applied for 500,000 to one
Jeremy Tasker, director of float manager Jardine Fleming Ord Minnett,
Lepani said the support demonstrated investor confidence in Orogen and
Papua New Guinea deputy prime minister Chris Haiveta said the
The Papua New Guinea government raised about 285 million dollars
Hindu leader's brother detained for suicide threat at Jackson concert 
Indian police detained a Hindu leader's brother for threatening to
Bombay on Friday.
Thackeray, who argues the US singer is a threat to traditional Hindu
Police said he would be detained till "the situation was under
His elder brother Bal Thackeray, a hardline Hindu nationalist, is the
Indian state of Maharashtra.
Bal Thackeray, a self-confessed admirer of Adolf Hitler and who has
Jackson, on his first visit to India, is scheduled to perform Friday
His sponsors had pledged to pay around 1.14 million dollars from the
Bombay court ruled Thursday the money should be frozen following a tax
Meanwhile a Bombay court today declined to issue a non-bailable arrest
Lawyers for the Indian company Michael Jackson Fashions (India) Pvt
Ltd had asked the court to issue an arrest warrant after they were
Judge S.S. Parkar at the Bombay High Court agreed with a statement by
Jackson's lawyers that they would accept the court summons on behalf
Sri Lanka's first executive head of state dies 
Sri Lanka's first executive head of state, Junius Jayewardene died
Jayewardene, who took office in 1978, retired from politics in 1989
He had celebrated his 90th birthday on September 17.
Jayewardene is regarded as the architect of the country's free market
His United National Party (UNP) ruled Sri Lanka from 1977 till it was
URGENT Refugees flee Zaire camp under fire 
All 210,000 Rwandan Hutu refugees in the Katale camp north of Goma
Taiwan allows labor insurance fund to invest in stocks 
The Taiwan goverment is to pour a maximum 30 percent of a 188.3
Under an amended regulation governing the management of the fund, the
Shares of listed firms whose net profits averaged above six percent in
The regulations, approved by the cabinet on September 30, are expected
The fund is currently limited to investments in goverment bonds,
The labor insurance fund, managed by the Council of Labor Affairs, was
Bajaj Auto's net profit up 27 percent 
India's Bajaj Auto said Friday net profits rose 27 percent from a year
Turnover of India's largest two-wheeler automotive manufacturer rose
Two-wheeler and three-wheeler sales grew 18 percent to 722,467
Gross profit before tax jumped 30 percent to 114 million dollars.
But exports dropped seven percent to 25 million dollars.
Analyst S.Hariharan of Prime Securities said though the inventories of
Kubota rides public spending to lift pre-tax profit 7.4 percent 
Heavy public spending helped Japan's Kubota Corp. post Friday a 7.4
September.
The top maker of ductile pipes said revenue rose 6.3 percent to 367.91
It forecast for the full year to March a parent pre-tax profit of 35
Kubota's interim dividend was unchanged at 3.0 yen.
Executive vice president Katsumi Tomita said the company met its first
Revenue from the piping system division in the half rose 10.9 percent
The company forecast revenue from the piping system division in the
In the first half, revenue from the machinery division rose 4.6
The company forecasts revenue for the division in the year to March of
As public sector demand is expected to weaken over time, Tomita said
Kubota forecast revenue of its environmental system division in the
Revenue of its building material division was forecast at 89 billion
In the first half to September, Kubota's operating profit fell 1.1
Zaire: aid offices looted in Goma 
Looters ransacked international aid offices Friday and UN workers were
The headquarters of the International Federation of the Red Cross and
Red Crescent was looted and youths, some of them armed, roamed the
Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
Expatriate Red Cross workers had to be rescued by UNHCR staff, he
Sporadic mortar and machine-gun fire were heard from the nearby border
UNHCR workers were grouped at their headquarters early Friday, guarded
Lino Bordin, the head of the UNHCR delegation in Goma, said he had
He said he was waiting to hear from Zairean authorities if they would
Moumtzis said all the Red Cross vehicles had been stolen, while many
UNHCR and Unicef had been commandeered by Zairean soldiers.
On Thursday, UN High Commissioner for Refugees Sadako Ogata called for
Rebel Zairean Tutsis known as Banyamulenge have been fighting Zairean
Burundi as well.
Zairean military commander General Ngwala Panzu said Thursday his men
Rwanda to capture Goma airport.
The UNHCR in Geneva also Thursday announced it was pulling out its
Goma as we have done in Uvira and Bukavu" further south along the
Goma is the base for aid agencies helping the Rwandan refugees, whose
The fighting has already spurred massive refugee movements -- 750,000
Rwandan Hutu refugees are sheltering in the Goma region.
They fled fighting elsewhere in eastern Zaire, only to find it
Cambodian government accused of new violations of logging policy 
A British environmental group on Friday accused the Cambodian
The allegation comes just two days before a team from the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) is due in Phnom Penh to decide
London-based Global Witness said the government, which promised the
The group cited three secret agreements with Thai logging companies
Documents detailing the deals "confirm suspicions that (the
Friday was a public holiday in Cambodia and government officials,
According to documents covering the May deals, the national treasury
They also charged that at least some of the wood was cut illegally
In early October, the IMF warned the government that it would cut off
The cabinet met in a special session last week and approved three of
It is not clear whether the IMF will be satisfied with the measures.
Hong Kong shares close 0.4 percent higher 
Hong Kong share prices rose 0.4 percent to a record high close Friday
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong's key Hang Seng index rose 51.71
Manila to exhume workers entombed in Imelda Marcos building 
The Philippines will exhume the remains of scores of workers
The Daily Inquirer quoted Cultural Center of the Philippines (CCP)
An undetermined number of workers were buried alive when a portion of
Most of the victims were mixed with cement that still had to dry and
The building, whose columns were patterned after the Parthenon in
Athens, was being hastily completed on orders of Imelda Marcos in time
Government-controlled media at that time reported only a few people
Survivors and relatives of the scores of missing workers questioned
Marcos.
The building housed some government offices after Ferdinand Marcos was
Employees and security guards had reported several incidents of
Mediums who held seance sessions inside the building a few months ago
Hong Kong shares rise 0.4 percent to record close 
Hong Kong share prices rose 0.4 percent to a record high close Friday
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong's key Hang Seng index gained 51.71
The value of turnover amounted to 7.297 billion Hong Kong dollars (944
The market started strongly with the key barometer gaining 76.91
Dealers said trading was cautious ahead of the US October employment
Hongkong Bank gained 1.50 dollars to 159.00 dollars, Cheung Kong rose
Seoul shares close 1.4 percent higher 
Share prices closed 1.4 percent higher on the Korea Stock Exchange
Friday as bargain-hunting emerged after recent falls, dealers said.
The composite index rose 10.25 points to finish at 767.84.
Malaysia's oldest prison closes its doors 
Malaysia's oldest prison, Pudu Jail, finally closed its doors Friday
More than 1,500 prisoners were relocated to the country's new 170
Sungai Buloh, about 20 kilometres (12 miles) from the federal capital.
Prisons department director-general Zaman Khan said the relocation was
The Urban Development Authority Holdings (UDAH), which is redeveloping
UDAH has been given the 10-hectare (24-acre) prime land in the heart
Buloh prison.
The relocation of the Pudu prison would remove an eyesore from a city
The new Sungai Buloh prison complex, equipped with state-of-the-art
The "sophisticated" prison has steel cell doors with automatic locks,
Shanghai share prices close 4.7 percent weaker 
Share prices fell 4.7 percent on the Shanghai Stock Exchange Friday
The composite index fell 45.93 points to close at 930.78 points and
Chief cleric of Bangladesh's National Mosque faces treason charge 
A Bangladeshi court has ordered the arrest of Obaidul Haque, the chief
Supporters of Haque staged a brief protest after the cleric led Friday
Police kept a close watch as the demonstrators chanted slogans such as
But Haque, a government employee, made no comment himself.
A magistrate's court issued the arrest warrant against Haque, who is
Abdullah Hil Quayum, leader of a faction of the left-leaning Jatiya
Samajtantrik Dal's student wing, said in his petition that Haque had
Pakistan."
Bangladesh is the former East Pakistan, which broke away to become an
Hong Kong weekly share prices rise 1.1 percent to record finish 
Hong Kong share prices rose 1.1 percent to record finish during the
Street, dealers said.
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong's key Hang Seng Index gained 140.89
The previous record high close was set on October 18 at 12,510.05.
Average daily turnover for the four trading days amounted to 7.888
The Hong Kong market started on a weak note on Monday with the key
But a stronger US market led Hong Kong's main index to gain 213.30
The market strengthened further on Friday with the key barometer
Kohl, Hashimoto agree on annual summit 
Chancellor Helmut Kohl of Germany and Japanese prime minister Ryutaro
Hashimoto on Friday agreed to hold an annual summit.
The decision, taken at a 110-minute meeting, cames a day after Kohl
Hashimoto as saying.
The annual summit will not make a great difference as the leaders
Kohl and Hashimoto have also agreed to a visit to Japan by German
President Roman Herzog in April next year, his first trip to the
They also decided to study means to increase Japanese investment in
Hashimoto congratulated Kohl on his 14-year record-breaking term as
German Chancellor which came Thursday, when he became the long-serving
Kohl is to visit the Kabuto-cho area housing the Tokyo bourse, before
He will attend a banquet hosted by Hashimoto in the evening.
On Saturday, Kohl is to breakfast with the Keidanren, the Japan
Federation of Economic Organisations, before going to the University
He leaves Japan on Saturday to carry out a stopover in Moscow to check
Germany is Japan's biggest trading partner in Europe. According to
Japanese figures, Japanese exports to Germany rose 14.2 percent in
The trip was originally an official visit but was downgraded at the
As a result, the Germans are calling the trip a "working visit" while
Refugees flee Zaire camp under fire 
All 210,000 Rwandan Hutu refugees in the Katale camp north of Goma
Michele Quintaglie, spokeswoman for the World Food Programme, said the
Expatriate aid workers in Goma were preparing to evacuate Friday,
Tutsi rebels and Zairean government troops.
The UN High Commissioner for Refugees announced Thursday that it was
Lino Bordin, the head of the UNHCR delegation in Goma, said he had in
He said he was waiting to hear from Zairean authorities if they would
Katale, the northernmost camp, is 54 kilometres (32 miles) from Goma.
The 115,000 refugees in the Kahindo camp, the next one south, fled
Thursday, and some 200,000 in the next camp, Kibumba, fled at the
The Kibumba refugees moved into the Mugunga camp, which now holds more
Some 500,000 Rwandan and Burundian refugees have meanwhile fled camps
Shanghai share prices close 4.7 percent weaker 
Share prices fell 4.7 percent on the Shanghai Stock Exchange Friday
Enwei, an analyst with Southern Securities Company.
The composite index fell 45.93 points to close at 930.78 points and
The A share index fell 49.36 points to finish below 1,000-mark at
Turnover fell to 598.3 million units worth 5.467 billion yuan (658.67
Cai said the stock market might go through a longer period of
Market analysts said it would be difficult to put an end to
Chongqing Department Store was the top A share gainer, rising 0.54
Shanghai Hero led losers to close 2.45 yuan lower at 13 yuan with 2.39
Shanghai Belt headed the B share gainers' list to rise 2.8 cents to
Electric Appliance led losers to close 1.8 cents lower at 0.33 dollars
Gold closes lower in Hong Kong 
Gold closed lower here Friday at 377.70-378.00 US dollars an ounce,
The closing rate was unchanged from its opening.
Japan, Russia end aviation talks without accord 
Japan and Russia ended three-day aviation talks Friday without
The focus of the talks was the possibility of opening the Russia-
Sapporo route with Russian planes landing at New Chitose Airport on
Russia expressed its strong displeasure at Japan's de facto rejection,
Jiji Press and other news reports had said Tokyo was unlikely to
Japan and the Netherlands agreed about a month ago on opening a new
However, since the Japan-Russia aviation talks broke down, KLM Royal
Dutch Airlines, which planned to fly the routes next year, is likely
During the talks which began Wednesday, Tokyo also asked Moscow to
Nearly nine Israelis out of 10 back US President Bill Clinton over
Republican challenger Bob Dole in next week's American elections,
The survey by the independent Dahaf institute showed that 87 percent
A second survey by the Gallup institute came up with similar figures
The Gallup poll showed that support for Clinton reached 93 percent
Clinton openly supported Peres against his right-wing challenger
Benjamin Netanyahu, who ultimately won the election.
Clinton visited Israel three times during his first mandate in support
Dole has been more sympathetic to Netanyahu and the Israeli right-
Tel Aviv to disputed Jerusalem.
DALLAS         9   2   0   34   22   18
Burma to retaliate against EU sanctions: Burmese FM 
Burma intends to retaliate against EU sanctions applied this week to
Foreign Minister Ohn Gyaw said Friday.
The European Union decided Monday to restrict visas for members of
Burma's ruling junta, their families or senior military and security
The steps, imposed to protest Burma's human rights record and lack of
United States last month, to which Rangoon responded in kind.
Novelist to wed in Taiwan's first-ever gay nuptials 
Taiwan next week will witness its first-ever wedding involving two
Hsu said he and his "other half," American Gray Harrinan, will be
The wedding will be marked with traditional rites, including ring
Hsu said.
The mayor's office said he was undecided about attending the wedding.
Gay rights activists welcomed the event saying it would encourage more
Taiwan's prurient society discourages homosexuals from openly
Queen Elizabeth leaves Thailand after five-day visit 
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II left here Friday after a five-day state
The queen boarded a flight to London after passing through the Thai
During her visit the queen attended a royal barge procession through
Bangkok, a sound and light show in the ruins of the ancient Siamese
The queen was accompanied by her husband, Prince Philip, who also
Allied soldiers who died as prisoners of the Japanese during World War
II.
The queen's first visit to Thailand in 24 years comes as King Bhumibol
Thai monarch.
The queen's arrival Monday was covered by a large contingent from the
British press -- many of whom jetted off to Sydney later in the week
Diana.
Seoul shares close 1.4 percent higher 
Share prices closed 1.4 percent higher on the Korea Stock Exchange
Friday on a rebound following recent falls, dealers said.
The composite index rose 10.25 points to finish at 767.84.
Turnover rose to 29.2 million shares worth 460.6 billion won (555
Advancing issues outnumbered those declining 717 to 164, with 110
Samsung Electronics climbed by its daily permissible limit of 3,400
Hyundai Motor gained 500 won to 26,200 won.
Kia Motors rose 800 won to 16,500 won, Pohang Iron and Steel Co. was
Korea Electric Power Corp. edged down 100 won to 24,200 won.
Banks were mixed, with Korea Long Term Credit down 200 won at 17,600
Dollar lower against yen in Tokyo mid-afternoon trading 
The dollar was near session lows against the yen here in mid-afternoon
Japan, dealers said.
The dollar was quoted at 113.64-65 yen at 5 p.m. (0800 GMT), down from
Thursday.
At the same time it traded at 1.5204-06 marks, down from 1.5207
The dollar's tumble against the yen stemmed mainly from active profit-
The declines were exacerbated by a lack of dollar-buying support
In mark-yen trading, the mark fell back sharply to below the 74.60-yen
The dollar rose to the 1.5235 mark level, but gains were eroded by
But he added that trading would unlikely have enough follow-through
Rescuers search Brazilian plane crash site by Claire de Oliveira 
Rescue crews Friday searched the rubble of several homes leveled by a
Brazilian airliner that crashed shortly after takeoff, killing all 95
It was the third major air disaster in South America in one month.
TAM Flight 402 bound for Rio de Janeiro was in the air only moments
Airport in Sao Paulo. It crashed about two kilometers (1.2 miles) from
The twin-engine Fokker 100 broke up as it plowed into a two-storey
Film shot by an amateur cameraman and broadcast on Globo television
Barbosa, a witness.
